README.md, before:

# Unit 1 - Asphalt Art

## Introduction

Cities use asphalt art to improve public safety, inspire their residents and visitors, and brighten communities. Your goal is to create asphalt art to revitalize The Neighborhood and bring the community together with the help of the Painter.

## Requirements

Use your knowledge of object-oriented programming, algorithms, the problem solving process, and decomposition strategies to create asphalt art:
- **Create a new subclass** – Create at least one new subclass of the PainterPlus class that is used for a component of the asphalt art design.
- **Plan an algorithm** – Use the problem solving process and decomposition strategies to plan an algorithm that incorporates a combination of sequencing, selection, and/or iteration.
- **Write a method** – Write at least one method in a PainterPlus subclass that contributes to a component of the asphalt art design.
- **Document your code** – Use comments to explain the purpose of the methods and code segments.

## Notes: Neighborhood & Painter Class

This project was created on Code.org's JavaLab platform using the built in Neightborhood GUI output. To test and edit this project you must build in Code.org's JavaLab with the Neighborhood GUI enabled. For reference to the Painter class documentation, [you can read more here.](https://studio.code.org/docs/ide/javalab/classes/Painter)

## Output:

< Put sketch / Final image here >

## Reflection

1. Describe your project.

   - Write your response here...

2. What are two things about your project that you are proud of?

   - Write your response here...

3. Describe something you would improve or do differently if you had an opportunity to change something about your project.

   - Write your response here...

Commit message:

added all files from code.org

README.md, after:

# Unit 1 - Asphalt Art

## Introduction

Cities use asphalt art to improve public safety, inspire their residents and visitors, and brighten communities. Your goal is to create asphalt art to revitalize The Neighborhood and bring the community together with the help of the Painter.

## Requirements

Use your knowledge of object-oriented programming, algorithms, the problem solving process, and decomposition strategies to create asphalt art:
- **Create a new subclass** – Create at least one new subclass of the PainterPlus class that is used for a component of the asphalt art design.
- **Plan an algorithm** – Use the problem solving process and decomposition strategies to plan an algorithm that incorporates a combination of sequencing, selection, and/or iteration.
- **Write a method** – Write at least one method in a PainterPlus subclass that contributes to a component of the asphalt art design.
- **Document your code** – Use comments to explain the purpose of the methods and code segments.

## Notes: Neighborhood & Painter Class

This project was created on Code.org's JavaLab platform using the built in Neightborhood GUI output. To test and edit this project you must build in Code.org's JavaLab with the Neighborhood GUI enabled. For reference to the Painter class documentation, [you can read more here.](https://studio.code.org/docs/ide/javalab/classes/Painter)

## Output:

![Alt Text](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1P5CcrKC0GGBgPPvbMhtuNY9a1PRyihZu/view?usp=sharing)

! [Alt Text] (https://drive.google.com/file/d/1NTdDY0yvMxAE8gal8rslXaJmucRSOVww/view?usp=sharing)

## Reflection

1. Describe your project.

   -  The purpose of this project was to create a mural of something significant to you. The way to create this mural was by using different methods in classes that could be used to draw different parts of the painting. Inside the methods there could have been ways to instert sequencing, selection, and iteration statements. 

2. What are two things about your project that you are proud of?

   - From my project, something that I am most proud of is how everything came together and the methods where able to be combined to create the mural painting. I am also proud of how I eventually was able to see patterns in how to write the methods so that it was easier to write.

3. Describe something you would improve or do differently if you had an opportunity to change something about your project.

   - I think that if I had more time and patience I would have found a different way to create the methods. This could've made it easier and I would have found a more effient way to create the mural painting.
